1DTrajectory	One-dimensional path that is the location traversed.
2DArea	Two-dimensional area that is the location traversed.
3DMedium	Three-dimensional medium that is traversed through.
Accompanier	Entity that another entity is together with.
Activity	Action that an agent undertakes for a period of time.
Affector	Abstract macro-role.
Age	Something's age.
Agent	Animate/volitional/intentional instigator of an action.
Approximator	Measurement, quantity, or range being "transformed" by the preposition.
Attribute	Characteristic, feature, part, or possessum of an entity.
Beneficiary	Animate or personified undergoer that is (potentially) advantaged or disadvantaged by the event or state.
Causer	Force/party that precipitates an event (and is a central participant of it).
Circumstance	Macro-role. Used directly for occasions and contextualizations.
ClockTimeCxn	In constructions for telling time, the hour part.
Co-Agent	Participant acting symmetrically with the agent.
Co-Participant	Core participant portrayed as secondary.
Co-Patient	Undergoer symmetrical to the Patient.
Co-Theme	Undergoer symmetrical to the Theme.
Comparison/Contrast	Point of comparison, analogy, imitation, or contrast/distinction.
Configuration	Abstract macro-role for static configurational relationships typically between nominals.
Contour	Path shape.
Course	Pathway used for travel.
Creator	Participant that has created something new.
DeicticTime	Earlier or later time expressed by the length of an interval relative to an implicit reference time.
Destination	Endpoint (actual or intended) of physical motion. Excludes prepositions that also mark simple Locations.
Direction	Orientation or heading of a figure, without implying a specific starting or ending point of the path.
Donor/Speaker	Animate starting point in a transfer scenario; counterpart to Recipient.
Duration	Temporal length of an event, or temporally overlapping reference event.
Elements	Member or non-member of a set of discrete items.
EndState	Result of a change or endpoint of a range on a scale.
EndTime	When an event ends.
Experiencer	Patient that is aware of the event undergone (specific to events of perception).
Explanation	Secondary event that is asserted as the reason for the main event.
Extent	Size of a path.
Frequency	Temporal rate or repetitions.
Function	The function that an entity serves, or for which it was made.
Goal	Abstract intended endpoint or outcome.
InitialLocation	Locative origin or starting point of physical motion.
Instance	''X '''of''' Y'', where ''X'' is a category that disambiguates or reframes (a more specific thing) ''Y''.
Instrument	Thing that enables or facilitates achieving some purpose.
Location	Concrete location.
Locus	Abstract location.
Manner	How something happens.
Material	Ingredients/material from which something is made.
Means	An activity that facilitates achieving some purpose.
Participant	Abstract macro-role.
Path	Abstract region between an initial position and a final position.
Patient	Undergoer in an event that experiences a change of state, location or condition, that is causally involved or directly affected by other participants, and exists independently of the event.
Place	Abstract macro-role.
Possessor	Possessor of an entity (including kin) or attribute.
ProfessionalAspect	Entity with which an individual is formally associated in a social/professional scenario such as employment or membership.
Purpose	Something that somebody wants to bring about.
Quantity	X of Y, where Y is a category and X establishes how much of Y there is (or how many Ys there are). X may be an amount, collective noun, or measure phrase.
Recipient	Animate intended recipient of something concrete or abstract. Includes addressees.
Reciprocation	Action provoking a response/reaction (often judgment-laden, but not merely psychological) that is the main event.
RelativeTime	Time before or after some reference point.
Scalar/Rank	Point of comparison on a continuous or discrete scale (such as an ordering or ranking).
Source	Abstract starting point.
Species	A category qualified by ''species'', ''breed'', ''kind'', ''type'', ''variety'', etc.
StartState	Initial state or beginning of a range on a scale.
StartTime	Time an event begins.
State	State of affairs.
Stimulus	That which is perceived or experienced (bodily, perceptually, or emotionally).
Superset	The object of the preposition is a set of discrete elements or mass quantity of which the governor is a member, subset, or sub-quantity.
Temporal	Macro-role for temporal characteristics.
Theme	Central undergoer that is not in control over the event, not structurally changed by the event, and/or is characterized as being in a certain position or condition.
Time	Point in time.
Topic	Information content in communication or "high-level" cognition.
Transit	Conveyance/vehicle that the entity occupies in order to get from one place to another.
Traversed	Location traversed in a path.
Undergoer	Abstract macro-role.
Value	Point on a formal scale.
ValueComparison	Value being compared to some other value on a scale.
Via	Path/instrument that enables concrete or abstract entities (including information, etc.) to get from one place to another.
Whole	Complete or complex whole entity.
